Add some more details for the next release notes (#18364)
python/mypy: CHANGELOG.md

## Next release

### Drop Support for Python 3.8

Mypy no longer supports running with Python 3.8, which has reached end-of-life.
For the time being, it is still possible to type check older code using Python 3.9+

> by passing `--python-version 3.8` as argument. This will be dropped in the first half of 2025!

Author: See https://github.com/python/typeshed/issues/12112

Contributed by Marc Mueller (PR [17492](https://github.com/python/mypy/pull/17492)).

> ### Mypy wheels for aarch64
> 
> Precompiled wheels for `manylinux_aarch64` are now available for download on PyPI.
> Contributed by Christian Bundy (PR [mypy_mypyc-wheels#76](https://github.com/mypyc/mypy_mypyc-wheels/pull/76))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Mypyc accelerated mypy wheels for aarch64

Mypy can compile itself to C extension modules using mypyc. This makes mypy 3-5x faster
than if mypy is interpreted with pure Python. We now build and upload mypyc accelerated
mypy wheels for `manylinux_aarch64` to PyPI, making it easy for users on such platforms
to realise this speedup.

Contributed by Christian Bundy (PR [mypy_mypyc-wheels#76](https://github.com/mypyc/mypy_mypyc-wheels/pull/76))
```

## Next release

### Drop Support for Python 3.8

Mypy no longer supports running with Python 3.8, which has reached end-of-life.

> For the time being, it is still possible to type check older code using Python 3.9+
> by passing `--python-version 3.8` as argument. This will be dropped in the first half of 2025!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running mypy with Python 3.9+, it is still possible to type check code
that needs to support Python 3.8 with the `--python-version 3.8` argument.
Support for this will be dropped in the first half of 2025!
```
nit: it's not really about the age of the code
